<title:> Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Review
<Date:>Summary: Can the phablet leader stay ahead with the iPhone 6 Plus on its heels? WSJ's Joanna Stern reviews Samsung's Galaxy Note 4. Photo/Video: Drew Evans/The Wall Street Journal
<Content:>
SINGAPORE, Oct 15 (Reuters) - The Asian naphtha crack
slipped $1.75 to $74.90 a tonne on Wednesday, 24 percent lower
than a year ago, as the supply overhang persisted despite demand
emerging this week.
    South Korea's Lotte Chemical joined a string of buyers to
buy second-half November naphtha.  
    Some traders said the petrochemical maker paid a discount of
$14 a tonne to Japan quotes on a cost-and-freight (C&F) basis,
which marked a fresh low for 2014 in South Korea.
    "This is a desperate situation," said a North Asian trader
referring to the high supplies. 
    But some traders were not convinced that any trader would 
sell at such a deep discount, saying a discount of $11 would
have been more reasonable.  
    Lotte Chemical's purchase came a day after Asia's top
naphtha buyer Formosa bought slightly over 100,000 tonnes of
open-spec naphtha for second-half November delivery at a
discount of $14 a tonne. 
    Earlier in the week, there was a private deal done in Japan
but details were not known. 
    Samsung Total and S-Oil Corp has each bought naphtha for
second-half November delivery, with the latter paying $8 to $9 a
tonne below Japan quotes for up to 20,000 tonnes of heavy
full-range naphtha. 
    S-Oil on the other hand sold a total of 66,000 tonnes of
light naphtha to Japanese traders Marubeni and Petro-Diamond at
record low discounts of $19 to $20 a tonne to Japan quotes on a
free-on-board (FOB) basis. 
    
    OTHER NEWS: S-Oil will complete a 40,000-tonne naphtha
storage tank at Onsan by late November, helping it to buy more
to take advantage of low heavy full-range naphtha prices,
industry sources said on Wednesday. 
    
    NAPHTHA CASH DEALS: Itochu bought from Socar a first-half
December naphtha cargo at $709 a tonne. 
       
    GASOLINE CRACK FIRMS
    The Asian gasoline crack rose to a four-session high of
nearly $10 a barrel on vibrant trades in the Singapore cash
market.     
    Not only did the cash deals resume after a short absence but
the 200,000 barrels traded were the highest in about a month. 
    PTT sold three of the four 92-octane gasoline cargoes in the
cash market. 
    It sold two cargoes for Nov. 10-Nov. 14 loading, one to
Vitol at $93 a barrel and another to Phillips 66 at $93.50 a
barrel. It went on to sell to BP a Nov. 4-Nov. 8 cargo at $94.60
a barrel.
    Shell on the other hand sold a 92-octane gasoline cargo to
PetroChina for Nov. 4-Nov. 8 at $94.60 a barrel. 
    
 LIGHT DISTILLATES                                                                         
 CASH ($/T)                      ASIA CLOSE       Change  % Change  Prev    RIC
                                                                    Close   
 OSN Naphtha CFR Japan M1                 705.50  -35.50     -4.79  741.00  <NAF-1H-TYO>
 OSN Naphtha CFR Japan M2                 712.50  -35.50     -4.75  748.00  <NAF-2H-TYO>
 OSN Naphtha Diff                          -7.00    0.00      0.00   -7.00  <NAF-TYO-DIF>
 Naphtha Netback FOB Sing                  76.26   -3.94     -4.91   80.20  <NAF-SIN>
 Naphtha Diff FOB Sing                     -0.89   -0.02      2.30   -0.87  <NAF-SIN-DIF>
 Naphtha-Brent  Crack                      74.90   -1.75     -2.28   76.65  <NAF-SIN-CRK>
 Gasoline 97                               97.85   -3.80     -3.74  101.65  <GL97-SIN>
 Gasoline 95                               97.00   -3.75     -3.72  100.75  <GL95-SIN>
 Gasoline 92                               94.00   -3.60     -3.69   97.60  <GL92-SIN>
 Gasoline crack                             9.92    0.90      9.98    9.02  <GL92-SIN-CRK>
                                                                                           
 For a list of derivatives prices, including margins, please                               
 double click the RICs below.                                               
 Brent M1                                                                                  
 Naphtha CFR Japan M1                                                                      
 Naphtha CFR Japan M1/M2                                                                   
 Naphtha CFR Japan M2                                                                      
 Naphtha Japan-Sing Netback M1                                                             
 Naphtha Japan-Sing Netback M2                                                             
 Naphtha FOB Sing M1                                                                       
 Naphtha FOB Sing M1/M2                                                                    
 Naphtha FOB Sing M2                                                                       
 Naphtha Cracks M1                                                                         
 East-West Naphtha M1                                                                      
 East-West Naphtha M2                                                                      
 NWE Naphtha M1                                                                            
 NWE Naphtha M1/M2                                                                         
 NWE Naphtha M2                                                                            
 Crack NWE Naphtha-Brent M1                                                                
 Crack NWE Naphtha-Brent M2                                                                
 *Sing refers to Singapore                                                                 
        
 (Reporting by Seng Li Peng; editing by David Evans)
Released: 2014-10-15T13:16:01.000Z
