<title:>PREVIEW-S.Korea Q3 GDP seen rebounding, but global woes pose risks
<Date:>22 October 2014
<Content:>
* Advance estimate due at 8 a.m., Oct 24 (2300 GMT, Oct 23)
    * Reuters poll: Q3 GDP +0.9 pct q/q, +3.3 pct y/y
    * Economy recovering from Q2 shocks on consumption, trade
    * Pace of economic improvement still weak, but steady
    SEOUL, Oct 22 (Reuters) - South Korea's economy is expected
to have rebounded modestly in the July-September quarter after
slowing sharply in the previous three months, a Reuters survey
showed, but cooling global growth is expected to keep the door
open for further monetary policy easing.
    The economy probably grew 0.9 percent in the third quarter
from the second on a seasonally adjusted basis, thanks to
exports growth and an uptick in private consumption, picking up
from a 0.5 percent rise in the June quarter, according to 22
analysts surveyed in the Reuters poll. 
    Second-quarter growth was the weakest in nearly two years
while the economy expanded 0.9 percent in the first three months
of the year.
    Analysts say the second quarter likely marked a trough for
the South Korean economy, as an April ferry sinking left
hundreds dead and hit private consumption as the public eschewed
domestic travel and scaled back on spending.
    "After the Sewol sinking, demand has been improving although
at a slow pace. Capital investment, however, is what likely
hindered third-quarter growth the most as corporate sentiment
still remains weak," said Kim Hwan, an economist at NH
Investment & Securities.
    Some economists say another rate cut cannot be ruled out as
the outlook remains uncertain, highlighted by renewed tumult in
global financial markets on worries about slowing global growth.
 A cooling Chinese economy and the threat of recession in Europe
have raised doubts about global demand.
    "Further cuts are only possible if exports weaken or the
stock market derails from financial instability stemming from
U.S. monetary policy tightening," said Kim Jong-su, an economist
at Taurus Investment & Securities.
    "Domestic demand, however, is coming up from terrible levels
seen in the second quarter and will not worsen."
    Bank of Korea Governor Lee Ju-yeol said this week that
downside risks remain even to its downgraded forecast. The bank
has cut interest rates by 50 basis points in two moves this year
in order to boost growth momentum. 
    Exports were probably the saving grace for third quarter
growth as shipments rose 3.9 percent on an annual basis, which
was the fastest pace since a 4.7 percent rise in the fourth
quarter of last year.
    The economy also got a boost from the inauguration in July
of a new finance minister, who launched a series of measures to
prop up growth.
    On an annual basis, Asia's fourth-largest economy probably
expanded by 3.3 percent in the third quarter of the year, the
Reuters poll showed.
    Still, the central bank says the recovery is slower than
anticipated, and downgraded its growth forecast for this year
earlier in October to 3.5 percent from 3.8 percent, citing
weaker-than-expected improvement in the third quarter.
    
    Details of the survey (percent change):
 COMPANY                          *Q/Q     Y/Y
 Capital Economics                 0.8     3.2
 Daishin Securities                0.9     3.5
 DBS                               0.9     3.3
 Hana Daetoo Securities            0.9     3.6
 HI Investment & Securities        0.8     3.2
 HSBC                              1.0     3.4
 ING                               1.2     3.6
 JP Morgan                         1.0     3.4
 KB Investment & Securities        0.8     3.3
 Korea Investment & Securities     1.1     3.3
 KTB Investment & Securities         ~     3.3
 LIG Investment & Securities       1.0     3.7
 Moody's Analytics                 0.7     3.0
 NH Investment & Securities        0.8     3.2
 Samsung Securities                0.9     3.4
 Shinhan Investment Corp           0.8     3.2
 SK Securities                     1.0     3.3
 Societe Generale                  1.0     3.5
 Standard Chartered                0.9     3.2
 Taurus Investment & Securities    1.0     3.4
 Woori Investment & Securities     0.8     3.4
 Yuanta Securities Korea           0.9     3.3
 ________________________________  ___     ___
 High                              1.2     3.7
 Low                               0.7     3.0
 Median                            0.9     3.3
 * Seasonally adjusted
 ~ No forecast
 (Reporting by Sohee Kim, Kahyun Yang and Joonhee Yu; Writing by
Christine Kim; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
Released: 2014-10-22T06:39:19.000Z
